Now let's talk about daily work and daily scrums.
This is where the rubber really meets the road.
Let's do a quick context check.
Remember, after sprint planning,
the daily work is what the team does in the sprint
working towards the daily goals, which are all part of the sprint goals,
such as user stories, coding, testing, etc.
And at the end of the sprint, there is a demonstration,
review, and retrospective.
Okay, now let's get down to the daily nuts and bolts.
So what is daily work?
It is executing the sprint or iteration.
It is the lowest level activity in the Agile/Scrum framework.
Work is represented as tasks as identified and assigned in the sprint plan
using the SMART template we discussed in the last module.
The development team creates technical tasks for each user story or across
user stories in order to meet the goals of the sprint.
The team members begin the work that they had chosen in sprint planning,
such as user stories and technical tasks.
If a team member has completed the assignments they
have committed to in the sprint,
then the team member may pull more sprint backlog user
stories and/or tasks to work on that were originally
assigned to someone else on the team.
Also, typically in sprint planning,
the team will identify a few more user stories and tasks that are on deck,
so to speak,
and would be candidates to work on in the event
someone did finish their work early,
or any other appropriate task for the sprint,
or lastly, from the next sprint's backlog.
The team is empowered to make whatever decisions are necessary to
complete its work in keeping with the sprint goal of delivering
working software by the end of the sprint.
Now let's see how the team communicates its progress as they perform their daily work.